Raise errors for non-ASCII domain names in a router's rules (#7986)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/routers/index.md

| ```Path(`/path`, `/articles/{cat:[a-z]+}/{id:[0-9]+}`, ...)```         | Match exact request path. It accepts a sequence of literal and regular expression paths.                       |
| ```PathPrefix(`/products/`, `/articles/{cat:[a-z]+}/{id:[0-9]+}`)```   | Match request prefix path. It accepts a sequence of literal and regular expression prefix paths.               |
| ```Query(`foo=bar`, `bar=baz`)```                                      | Match Query String parameters. It accepts a sequence of key=value pairs.                                       |

!!! important "Non-ASCII Domain Names"

    Non-ASCII characters are not supported in `Host` and `HostRegexp` expressions, and by doing so the associated router will be invalid.
    For the `Host` expression, domain names containing non-ASCII characters must be provided as punycode encoded values ([rfc 3492](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3492)).
    As well, when using the `HostRegexp` expressions, in order to match domain names containing non-ASCII characters, the regular expression should match a punycode encoded domain name.

!!! important "Regexp Syntax"

>     In order to use regular expressions with `HostRegexp` and `Path` expressions,
>     you must declare an arbitrarily named variable followed by the colon-separated regular expression, all enclosed in curly braces.
>     Any pattern supported by [Go's regexp package](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/) may be used (example: `/posts/{id:[0-9]+}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `HostRegexp` and `Path` expressions accepts a template with zero or more URL variables enclosed by curly braces.
    Variables can define an optional regexp pattern to be matched.
    Like `{name}` that matches anything until the next dot or `{name:pattern}` that matches the given regexp pattern, you can use any pattern supported by [Go's regexp package](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/) (example: `{subdomain:[a-z]+}.{domain}.com`).

```

Reviewer: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/gorilla/mux#Route.Host
